# Pakistan Citizen Portal
This repository is created for the exploratory data work on the Pakistan Citizen Portal (PCP) project under World Bank's Data and Evidence for Justice Reform (DE JURE) program.

## Folder Structure
The folder structure is based on the standard for reproducible research designed by DIME Analytics. The DataWork folder was created by Stata command `iefolder` within `ietoolkit` package developed by DIME Analytics. Minor modification has been done according to the data nature of the PCP project. 

### Master Do-files
In the DataWork folder, there are 2 **master do-files** linking to all main folders. **Project_MasterDofile** is the main do-file that calls upon and runs all the other do-files of the project. **global_setup.do** sets up standardization globals and other constants.

### EncryptedData
The raw data with identifying information should be stored in the **EncryptedData** folder. In practice, all datasets will be stored in a secured shared space which can be called by the do-files stored on this GitHub repository.

### MasterData
The **MasterData** folder stores the master datasets for each **unit of observation** in the project, e.g. *complaint*. Within the unit of observation folder, there are 3 sub-folders: **Dataset**, **Dofiles**, and **Outputs**. The scripts stored in the Dofiles folder will load data from the DataSet folder and store any outputs in the Outputs folder. In practice, all datasets will be stored in a secured shared space which can be called by the do-files stored on this GitHub repository.
- **Dataset**
  - **Intermediate**: The de-identified data is stored in the this folder.
  - **Final**: The modified data generated by codes, e.g. clean data, is stored here.  
- **Dofiles**: 
  - **Cleaning**: The codes in this folder load the intermediate datasets and save the clean datasets in the Final DataSet folder.
  - **Construction**: The codes in this folder load the clean data, and use it to construct the indicators that will be used for analysis. This is when new variables are created. The constructed dataset, containing these indicators, is stored in the Final DataSet folder.
   - **Analysis**: The codes in the this folder load the contructed data and run the analysis.
- **Outputs**: 
  - **Raw**: Outputs such as plots and tables generated by the analysis codes are stored in this folder.
  - **Final**: Reports, papers, and other documents which are created using the files in the Raw Outputs folder are stored here.

## Branch Protection
The following protection rules are applied to the main branch and develop branches.
- **Require pull request reviews before merging**
  - All commits should be made on a feature branch created from the main or the develop branch. Before merging this feature branch into its parent branch, a pull request receiving at least one approving reviews is required.
- **Require conversation resolution before merging**
  - All comments on the pull request must be resolved before this feature branch into its parent branch. This ensures that all comments are addressed or acknowledged before merge.

Please note that these two protected branch rules also apply to people with admin permissions.
